What metrics are important to you? How do we make sure the build will be stable in production?
    a. instances and keeping eye on their environment health and hardware utilization
    b. The duration of how long a build takes
    c. Failures rates and reasons why code is failing 
In order the production build be successful and stable,
there has to be thorough test and development prior to 
deployment using many different latest serverless 
orchestration tools and systems

Describe the testing process from beginning to end, what steps run whenever a developer pushes new
code?
    based on how the Infrastructure is configured, best practices
    are that as soon as developer sends code to the master branch in 
    Github, it then automatically gets picked up by the continuous testing/integration
    system i.e Jenkins or CircleCI. Once the testing fully passed as
    all green checks and satisfied with result and fix any red or potential 
    errors, then push it container hun registry i.e Docker. At this point,
    the cloud provider will detect the changes made or it's the first deployment 
    to AWS, deliver it to AWS and ready for the world to see it.

How do we make sure the tests are able to be run in a reasonable amount of time? 
Remember, the longer it takes us to run the tests, the slower development and deployment times will be

    As soon as we get a Statistically significant result 
    within a reasonable period of time of testing with 
    analytics and data to prove that there had actually been improvements 
    without spending tons of time and energy testing over and over again. 
    With that, it’s also very helpful to have great test management
    tools in place that’s more effective
    more accurate and not time consuming.

    Another way to make tests go faster, 
    keeping the source code as DRY (don’t repeat yourself) 
    as possible and refactoring code that is WET (write everything twice)
    which will eventually take longer time to resolve, return an output. 
    Once code changes are made to recompile and rebuild the test/dev environment. 
